Add provider class for Nautobot Secrets Functionality (#49)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-nornir: README.md

You would have to set your `nornir_settings['credentials']` path to your custom class, such as `local_plugin.creds.CustomNautobotORMCredentials`.

Out of the box, users have access to three classes:

- `nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.settings_vars.CredentialsSettingsVars`
  - Leverages the username, password, secret that is specified in the plugin configuration.
- `nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.env_vars.CredentialsEnvVars`
  - Leverages the environment variables `NAPALM_USERNAME`, `NAPALM_PASSWORD`, and `DEVICE_SECRET`.

> - `nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.nautobot_secrets.NautobotSecretCredentials`

Reviewer: For consistency with the other two existing credentials implementations, should this be named CredentialsNautobotSecrets instead?

Author: fixed, good call.

>   - Leverages the [Nautobot Secrets Group](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core-functionality/secrets/#secrets-groups) core functionality.  **It requires the use of `Access Type` of `Generic` to be used when defining the Secrets Group** and expects `Security Type` of Username, Password, and secret to be defined, if the secret is not defined the password will also be set as the secret value. This is to conform with the standard of the other credential classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Leverages the [Nautobot Secrets Group](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core-functionality/secrets/#secrets-groups) core functionality.  **It requires that the Secrets Group contain secrets with "Access Type" of `Generic`** and expects these secrets to have "Secret Type" of `username`, `password`, and optionally `secret`.
  
> For any of these classes, if a "secret" value is not defined, the "password" will also be used as the "secret" value.
```

- `nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.settings_vars.CredentialsSettingsVars`
  - Leverages the username, password, secret that is specified in the plugin configuration.
- `nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.env_vars.CredentialsEnvVars`
  - Leverages the environment variables `NAPALM_USERNAME`, `NAPALM_PASSWORD`, and `DEVICE_SECRET`.
- `nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.nautobot_secrets.CredentialsNautobotSecrets`
  - Leverages the [Nautobot Secrets Group](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core-functionality/secrets/#secrets-groups) core functionality.  **The default assumes Secrets Group contain secrets with "Access Type" of `Generic`** and expects these secrets to have "Secret Type" of `username`, `password`, and optionally `secret`. The "Access Type" is configurable via the plugin configuration parameter `use_config_context`, which if enabled changes the plugin functionality to pull `['nautobot_plugin_nornir']['secret_access_type']` from each devices config_context.

  - Enabling the use of Config Context:
  ```python
  PLUGINS_CONFIG = {
  "nautobot_plugin_nornir": {
    "use_config_context": {"secrets": True},

>     "nornir_settings": {
>       "credentials": "nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.nautobot_secrets.CredentialsNautobotSecrets",
>       "runner": {
>         "plugin": "threaded",
>         "options": {
>             "num_workers": 20,
>         },
>       },
>     }

Reviewer: Perhaps omit the parts of the config that aren't relevant to this specific section of the docs?

```suggestion
    "nornir_settings": {
      "credentials": "nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.nautobot_secrets.CredentialsNautobotSecrets",
      # ...
    }
```
